---
published: true
layout: post
date: '2015-10-22 01:22:59 -0400'
categories: jekyll update
---





## The Sixth Day

Just a little intro before I post the story here.  I have been working on this for a bit now so this post will be substantially longer than any that may proceed this one. Another side note is that this is a very rough draft, I basically just wrote as the story popped in my head, so I apologize for any poor grammar.  With that being said here is the story so far.

## Day 1
I've often thought about killing myself, to escape these cold dark days that I've grown accustomed to. I don't have much in this world and I doubt anyone would notice if I were to go missing all of the sudden. The only thing that keeps me going is knowing that I can always find solace in my home. Don't get me wrong, it isn't much to look at, but it did have all that I needed in the world. A place to sleep, a warm fireplace, and a bookshelf full of books. It didn’t matter to me that the wooden siding is splintered and breaking apart. Or that the shudders are bashed, broken, and barely hanging on from the wind's constant abuse. Or even that the roof is peeling away and leaks when it rains. As long as I can return home to a cozy fire and thumb through a book I will be happy.

However, as much as it pains me to do so I have to leave my place of serenity to make a living, as even I cannot survive on books alone. I work in a factory that produces porcelain dolls. It is my job to sew the buttons onto every coat they wear as they come off the line. It is tedious, painstaking work, but I was good at it. After a few years working there, the men in charge offered me a reward for all of my hard work. They would consider any request, so long as it wasn't for more money. Fortunately for me I only wanted only one thing, to be able to carry out my meaningless job in solitude. I was granted the opportunity to work in an old storage closet. The room was only big enough for a school desk, the ones we sat in every day through childhood with the chair attached straight to the desk, a few boxes full of dolls ready for my final touch, a solitary light bulb with a pull chain dangling from the ceiling, and a path just large enough for me to squeeze in and out of the room. I graciously accepted the offer, and was handed a key to lock up when I was finished. No longer did I have to hear the other employees squawk about their day to day lives. Now the only person I see is whoever they get to drop off the boxes for me on any given day. They open the door set the box down and close the door behind them, no words ever spoken. This was the high point of my career. Nothing has changed since then, some thirteen years later. 

The pay was not good at all. I never seemed to have more than a fist full of change in my pocket. However, it was enough to support my meager existence. So long as I bought day old bread and canned food I could always afford a new book to read. I didn't care what went into my stomach, as it was my mind that craved sustenance. I would gladly go a day without food if it would allow me to afford a new book to read.

Growing up I never really had anything to comfort me. My home life was definitely nothing to brag about, in fact it was quite the opposite. My parents would argue constantly, smashing things around the house in anger as they furiously debated over the most meaningless things. I had no friends to play with, or to comfort me when I was feeling dead inside. One day I walked out of my house to get away from the constant fighting just to collect my thoughts. I wandered aimlessly for hours until I stumbled across a discarded book in an alley, thrown in the gutter like a worthless piece of garbage. I can't remember why I picked it up, maybe I felt a certain degree of sympathy for it, as another object cast aside by those closest to it. As I picked up the book that was caked in the sediment of the city around it, I began to turn through the dampened pages. Reading every word as I carefully turned each mud soaked page. I began to feel happy, escaping into a world unlike my own, full of endless possibilities and opportunities. I became addicted to the feeling, the ecstasy of living life through the eyes of someone else. I could not get enough, I would beg and plead with my parents to buy me a new book, or do odd jobs around the neighborhood to earn enough to fulfill my addiction. The need to escape into books followed me throughout my life. I never needed friends, nor did I want any for that matter. All I needed was the comfort of the black and white pages before me.

Unfortunately as time passed I began to have to take on more responsibilities. I needed to move on and find my own place to live, and a job to sustain my life. My love for books never subsided as I aged into a young adult although I had much less time now to dedicate myself to them, which brings us back to the depressing life I lead in the present. The weather had taken a turn, and it had remained dark and dreary for as long as I care to remember. Rain poured down from the sky every day with no sun to part the clouds. This was not an issue for me though, I actually enjoyed this weather. I find the sound of rain to be quite peaceful and soothing, especially when accompanied by the crackling of a fire. The only nuisance was changing the pans I had laid out to catch the water from my leaky roof. I always hate when somebody complains about the weather being like this and I feel obligated to play along and agree with them, even though I honestly don't care what that person is thinking, or even care what they have to say. However, none of this matters, at least not compared to the events that fell before me.

I had just finished my shift at the factory as the sky blackened and it began to pour. I threw my coat on, but it was tattered and worn from years of use and offered me little protection from the rain. Today was payday though, and I had some money on me for the first time in a while. As I headed outside it didn't bother me in the least that I was caught in a downpour and was now soaked to the bone. All I could think about was getting my hands on a new book that I had my eye on. There was a bookstore on my way home, only a couple blocks away from the factory. After a few minutes of walking down the cobblestone streets I had arrived at the bookstore. I could barely contain my excitement as I plucked the book from the shelf and paid for it. I quickly took off my jacket, shook off what rain I could, and wrapped it around the book to protect it from the rain. Tightly grasping the book to my chest I headed back out into the storm. Thunder crackled overhead as the rain continued to hammer against the road. The wind was picking up blowing the rain drops almost sideways forcing me to squint to even be able to see without the rain getting into my eyes. Even with the storm as bad as it was I could only think of one thing, quickly making it the blocks back home so I could crack open this book and begin to read. As I began to walk I could only hear the splashing of my footsteps and the rain pouring down from the sky. The sky had blackened so much that I could only see things by the dimly lit street lights. The storm did not darken my spirits as I trudged through the downpour, only moments from reaching my door. I began to rummage through my pockets to find keys as the door came in sight. I hastily walked up to the door with my key in hand, but all of the sudden something didn’t feel right. 
I could feel an immense pressure behind me, I began to feel lightheaded, my sight began to blacken and a chill ran down my spine. I slowly turned around with my hand shaking, waiting and ready to turn the key and run inside. A dark figure slowly emerged from the shadows and limped slowly toward the street lamp just across the street from my house. I could not make out any features of the man through the rain and darkness, only a silhouette. He kept limping toward the light while clenching his side. When he finally managed to make it to the light post he collapsed with a rather loud splash against the sidewalk. The poor guy must have had a run in with the common street thugs that roam the slums. I finally turned the key and unlocked my door, but when I reached for the knob curiosity got the better of me and I took another look at the man. As I turned back around I could see him struggling to get himself upright. His arms were shaking under his own weight as he began to pick himself back up. Eventually he struggled enough to sit upright against the lamp post. Even underneath the light I still could not make out any features of the man. He was just sitting with his legs straight out, his arms dangling at his sides, and his head just hung lifelessly faced toward the ground. I couldn't bear to watch anymore and decided I should just go inside. I began to turn around to reach for the door knob, but in that same moment his head snapped up in an instant, and his eyes met mine, perfectly fixated and unwavering. Startled I flung the door open and stumbled over the step falling over. I spun back around and he was still sitting there, eyes directly on mine, never blinking. I quickly pulled myself up and slammed the door behind me.

My heart began to pound in my chest and my breathing began to get heavy. After taking a moment to collect myself I began to try and stand up. Arms still shaking from terror I grabbed the door handle for support and pulled myself to my feet. I have never experienced anything quite so shocking and terrifying before. After taking a few more deep breaths and trying to forget what I had just seen, I finally remembered what had brought me home, and suddenly nothing else mattered. I picked up my book from the floor, still wrapped in my coat and dampened from the rain. As I held the book in my hands I could feel my fear easing away, in fact I was even getting a little excited again. 
Before I sat down to read I decided I should start a fire. After all, I had been running though the rain, and being drenched had left me rather chilly. I grabbed some kindling for the fire, lit a match, and watched as the fire emerged. After adding a few logs to the fire I carefully unraveled my coat from the book, it was a little damp but the damage wasn't too bad, the edges of the pages were just a bit ruffled from the water. I placed the book on top of the pedestal near the fireplace in order to dry it out as much as possible. Now that, that is taken care of I can finally retreat back to my bedroom and change from these soaking wet clothes.

I walked down the hallway toward my bedroom. The floor boards creaked underfoot in the same predictable pattern as always. The bathroom door was to my left as I walked by. The door was always open as the latch in the door frame had been broken and since rotted away. I would have tried to fix it, but I never entertain guests, so that idea was quickly abandoned. Besides, I didn’t mind catching a glimpse of myself now and again in the mirror on the wall as I passed by. My bedroom was just a few more steps down the hall. The room was small but cozy for my needs. My twin bed was pushed up against the wall underneath the window. A large standing dresser was pushed up against the opposing wall, and an end table with a small lamp was squeezed in right next to my bed. That left just enough room for a pathway around my bed to the closet. I stripped out of my wet clothes and grabbed my bath robe from the closet. It wasn't very warm, and it was worse for wear, but it was much better than what I was wearing.

I headed back into the living room and sat in my reading chair. It was well used and the upholstery was fading from it's original vibrant red to a more dusty rose color. There were also several rips around the seat cushion where you could see the foam spilling out, and it had also begun to tear at the seams. The chair was about as comfortable as it looked, but I had it for so many years that I wouldn't even think of replacing it. The chair was positioned in the corner of the room, to the left was the fireplace, and to the right was the window. Perfectly positioned to use the fires warmth, or open the widow to let a breeze in while I was enjoying a book. Across the room was my bookshelf, as far away from the fire as possible, as it contained my most prized possessions.

Finally after all my preparations were made it was time to read this book. I sat down in my chair and got as comfy as I possibly could. I then reached for the book and sat with it in my lap for a moment, taking the time to relax to the sound of the crackling fire accompanied by the sound of rain from outside. A feeling of excitement began to wash over me as it was finally time for me to crack open this book and begin reading. As I began to reach for the cover to open the book a loud crack of thunder sounded from the storm. Hearing the noise reminded me of the stranger outside, and I suddenly couldn't shake the feeling of needing to check on him. I slowly peeled back the curtain from the window and peeked through the small opening. As soon as I looked out the window his head instantly snapped up again, and his eyes were once again locked on mine. It was almost like he was waiting for me, or knew that I would look out the window precisely at that moment. I quickly shut the curtain and felt a chill run down my spine. My heart was pounding once again, but it was much easier to calm myself down knowing I was safe in my house. I glanced down at my book and then back to the window again, “Maybe I should just call it a night.” I said to myself firmly grasping the book in my hands. 
I stood up and walked over to the door just to make sure that I had locked it. I knew then that I would have to check the lock on the window, or I wouldn't possibly be able to sleep. I pulled back the curtain and hit the locks to make sure they were engaged. As I did this I caught a glance of the man again, his eyes were once again locked on mine. This time, however, I could make out enough of his face to see an unmistakable grimace slowly creep across his face. Truly terrified I stumbled backwards and fell backward, bashing my head against the floor. It felt like my heart was going to burst out of my chest. This was the second time I had been knocked down by nothing other than fright. I grabbed the back of my head in pain and began to pick myself back up. I just need to go to bed, it is unlikely that he will still be there in the morning. I suddenly felt much better with that thought lingering in my mind. I put out the fire and began to walk to my bed in the darkness. As I passed the bathroom I saw a pair of eyes starring back at me through the darkness and my heart skipped a beat. It was just my reflection in the mirror. I chuckled to myself and let out a long sigh as I held my hand over my heart. After that short breather I jumped into bed and somehow managed to fall asleep.

## Day 2

I arose the next morning from a deep sleep. As I stumbled out of bed to stretch I realized my head was throbbing in pain.  As I felt the back of my head the events of the previous night came rushing back to me. I couldn't shake the feeling that the man might still be there waiting for me.  I slowly moved down the hallway and made my way to the window. My heart began to feel heavy as it began to beat faster and harder in my chest. As I crept closer and closer to the window it felt like my heart would burst out of my chest. I slowly reached for the curtain and pulled it back, momentarily blinded by the light of the day beaming in through the window. As my eyes adjusted I saw that the man was gone.  I collapsed into my chair and let out a huge sigh of relief.  I felt a huge weight had been lifted off of me, after all it was foolish of me to believe he might have been there after the long and stormy night. As I looked to my left I noticed that my book was still sitting on the pedestal where I had left it over night. I picked it up and smiled, finally remembering that I still had this waiting for me.  However, it would have to wait as I had to return to my pathetic work life for yet another day. I sat the book back down and began to get ready work. I went to my room changed into a fresh pair of clothes and headed for the door. As I locked it behind me I stopped for just a moment and looked over at the street lamp.  I couldn't help but feel like there was still a presence there, even though there was nothing but puddles of water leftover from the storm. I chuckled to myself and thought it was probably nothing more than the blow to my head I took last night, things like that don't happen every day.  I breathed one more long sigh and began my dreaded walk to work.

I hate this part of every day, walking down the road as I painfully approach the place that brings me the most dread.  I put my hands in my coat pockets and began to trudge through the mud soaked puddles down the street to work.  I walked at a dreadfully slow pace through town.  The pace of a broken man with nothing to move him along other than the sheer willpower to live for just another day.

After some time I finally made it to my unfortunate destination.  I cringed in disgust as I shook off the cold of the outdoors, hung my coat up on the rack by the entrance and made my way to tiny office, if you could even call it that.  As the door creaked open I saw that there was already a stack of boxes waiting for me.  I pulled the chain on the light, closed the door and began my menial tasks.  As I toiled away like a mindless peon I couldn't stop thinking about what had happened last night.  Who was the man?  What was he doing?  What was his fascination with me?  As more questions arose there were far fewer answers to them.  Then suddenly I remembered what I shouldn't have forgotten all along.  My book was waiting for me at home.  All I had to do was focus on my task at hand and I could go back home and escape into a world with far less misery than the one I live in.
With new found energy I began to work as hard as I could.  After all if I finish this soon I can leave and return home.  Hours passed as I toiled away, nothing on my mind other than getting out of here and wrapping my hands around my book.  As I was making more and more progress I started to hear a buzzing noise.  I was down to the last box for the day, so I payed it no mind and kept working as fast as I could.  The sound was getting louder and louder until suddenly the light bulb overhead began to flicker.  It wasn't an uncommon thing for the bulb to burn out, in fact they gave me a small package of replacements just in case it happened.  I certainly did not want to have to waste time on this today, unfortunately I can't continue if I can't see.  I grabbed a fresh bulb out of the package set it on my desk, pulled the cord to turn the light off and began to unscrew the bulb from the socket.  I set the bad bulb on the desk and fumbled around in the darkness for the new one.  In my haste as I grabbed it, I knocked the old one off the desk and heard it shatter on the floor beneath me.  I sighed heavily to myself thinking, if it's not one thing it's another.  I then began to reach in the air for the hanging socket knocking it away more than few times as I blindly grasped for it.  I began to screw the bulb into the socket when I realized I could hear some shuffling around the room.  I shrugged it off thinking it was probably only rats that have sneaked into my room, also another common occurrence. The shuffle was getting louder and louder as I was screwing in the bulb, way too loud to be just rats.  My heart began to beat heavily in my chest I began to screw in faster and faster so I could identify the sound.  The noise getting louder, and my heart beating harder and faster I finally finished and began reaching for the chain.  I wrapped it around my hand and began to pull when something began to manifest in front of me in the darkness.  As my eyes became more and more adjusted I could see the source of the noise coming into view, although it was an unwelcome sight.  What I saw was the eyes of that man directly in front of my face, staring straight back into my eyes. The man was so close I could feel his breath as it hit my face.  Then once again he smiled that hideous smile of his.  I fell backward in terror and pulled the chain as I fell backward into my chair.  As the light came on the man was suddenly gone.  My heart felt like it was going to beat through my chest.  I sat for a moment breathing heavily trying to gather myself.  Was that all in my head or was he really here?  I sat with my head slumped into my hands as I try to regather myself. “It couldn't have possibly been real right?” I said to my self in a defeated tone.

As I finally began to calm down I realized my foot was throbbing in pain.  As I fell backward I stomped on the shattered bits of glass and a shard pierced through the sole of my shoe and was imbedded into the center of my foot.  My blood was pooling up on the floor as I lifted up my foot to pull the glass out.  I groaned in pain as I slowly pulled the shard out of my foot.  I let my leg slap down against the floor as I leaned back, threw my hands over my face and sighed.  “Could this day get any worse.” I grumbled to myself.  When I removed my hands from my face I once again looked at the floor to see the mess I would have to clean. This time I noticed one of the dolls was laying next to the blood pool on the floor.  I found it strange as there was no logical reason for it to be there.  I picked it up and gave it a once over to see if there was any glass or blood on it then set it down on the desk.  Then as I looked around the room I finally noticed.  All of the dolls had been scattered across the room, filling every shelf, every tile of the floor, on top of every box, and a few were even dangling from ceiling.  They all did have one thing in common though, every single one of their lifeless faces had their eyes pointed directly at me.  My heart began to race as I couldn't explain what had happened.  There's no way this could really be happening.  Without a second thought I rushed to the door, crushing a few of the dolls underfoot, and slammed the door behind me.  I slumped onto the door and fell slowly to the ground.  My heart still racing as I tried to make some sense out of what had just happened.  For someone who's usually so composed calming myself down has become a tireless effort as of late.  I slowly pulled myself to my feet, without finding a single explanation for what had happened.  My curiosity however had gotten the better of me and I reached for the door handle once more.  I opened the door just a crack and peered into the mess I left behind.  Everything was in exactly the same place, with only one major difference. This time all the dolls were facing me at the door.  I closed the door slowly and locked it with my key. I chuckled to myself in denial of the situation and whispered “Not today,” to myself.  I decided I would leave this mess behind and deal with any consequences it may have. I limped over to my coat, threw it on and walked straight out the door.

As I exited the building I was greeted with a chilling breeze that swept through the alley.  The sky was once again filled with clouds, blotting out the sunlight.  As I wrapped my coat tightly around myself to help block the wind, a gentle rain began to fall upon my head.  At least with all these strange things happening I can at least count on the weather to be the same.  Bundled up the best I could I began my trek towards my home.  My foot was still throbbing with pain, and I could see my blood disperse into the puddles as I dragged my leg through them.  My mind was muddied with the thoughts of what had happened at work today.  Those things couldn't have possibly happened, could they?  Has my hopelessly pathetic life begun to drive me to madness? Is it bad that I am hoping it's the latter?  I winced in pain as I took another step.  Apparently I don't have time to think about that I have to take a look at this foot.  I spotted a bench at the nearby intersection below a dirty and tattered canopy a short ways down the road. I limped over to the bench and collapsed onto it.  The wind was whipping through the canopy overhead shaking the water through the various tears it had throughout it's weathered canvas, but it was better than doing this out completely in the elements. 

I untied my shoe and slowly removed it from my foot.  My sock was completely soaked and stained crimson from blood.  I carefully peeled the sock off my foot and looked at the wound.  The gash in my foot was deeper than I had anticipated.  The wound, still bleeding, was full of dirt that I had picked up walking through these muddy roads.  There wasn't much I could do here so I tied my sock tightly around my foot hoping the pressure would stop the bleeding.  The pain was excruciating as I pulled the sock tighter and tighter around my foot.  When I was finally satisfied I let my leg fall back to the ground and took a moment to sit and rest. I let my head slap against the building as I looked up at the canopy above me.  My mind finally went blank as I stared up at the canopy being assaulted by the wind, and pelted by the rain. After a moment of staring blankly a single drop of water had made it's way through and fell on my cheek, finally snapping me out of my daze. I breathed in deeply and exhaled one more time before wiping the drop off my face.

Suddenly I remembered my excitement from earlier in the day.  My book was waiting for me at home.  Suddenly nothing else mattered as I dreamed of escaping into a world other than this one filled with constant misery.  I quickly shoved my foot back into my shoe as best as I could, and tied it snugly back to my foot.  It wasn't very comfortable, and it certainly didn't look the most attractive with my shoe bursting outward at it's capacity, but it would get me home.  I stood up, wrapped myself tightly in my coat and resumed my journey home.  My foot hurt less and less as I thought of thumbing through the pages of my book when I walked in the door.  I picked up the pace as I was getting more excited to crack that book open.

The rain was starting to pour down heavier and heavier as I neared my destination.  A strong wind met head on causing me to stop momentarily to shield myself from elements.  It was then that I felt that same chill run down my spine from the night before.  It felt like something changed, something wasn't right.  I looked around cautiously, but the streets were empty.  In fact nothing looked out of place at all, it was the same dismal street I walked down almost every day.  At that moment I began to hear the sound of someone walking in my direction.  Their feet were heavily pounding against the wet pavement as they got closer.  I looked around to try and identify the source of the noise but the streets remained empty, while the sound got closer.  “No sense worrying over nothing.” I thought to myself as I began to walk briskly toward my home.  As I kept walking the noise continued to get louder, like I was being followed.  I stopped once again to take a look around, when suddenly the noise stopped.  There were still no signs of life as far as I could see.  I wrapped up tightly again and began walking, when suddenly the trailing splash of footsteps began once again.  As I continued to walk I noticed something, it didn't seem like the footsteps were simply following me, but they were gaining on me.  I could feel the adrenaline start to course through my veins as my heart began to pound heavily in my chest.  I picked up the pace as I began to panic, but I simultaneously heard the footsteps behind me pick up the pace in turn.  My house finally came into view as I was frantically moving forward.  At that moment I heard another change of pace.  Whatever it was that was following me had begun to sprint straight for me.  My heart began to race, and I had no choice but to run for my door.  I stumbled forward in a panic then quickly began to sprint for my door.  The footsteps behind me were so fast, and so heavy as I heard them smack against the road.  It was getting closer and closer, when I finally made it to my door.  I fumbled around in my pockets for the key as the relentless pursuer got nearer.  I quickly turned the key and opened the door, but before I stepped in I took a quick look around, only to see nothing.  However, the noise was getting louder and louder, until the point where it sounded like it was right next to me.  I rushed into the door and slammed it behind me and locked it.  I immediately collapsed onto the floor desperately trying to catch my breath.  I picked myself up and sat against the door still breathing heavily.  My heart felt like it was about to burst from my chest as I rested my head back against the door.  Before I even had time to think something slammed against the outside of the door. There was a thundering crack as the impact sent my head bouncing off the door.  I quickly stood up and looked out the peephole in the door.  Once again, there was nothing.  I stumbled backward, and fell back onto the ground.  That couldn't possibly have been the storm.
