---
published: true
layout: post
date: '2016-06-15 05:42:59 -0400'
categories: jekyll update
---
##Untitled Zombie Story

This story has been churning around in my brain case for a bit now so I figured I might as well finally get down to sharing it with people. This is still a first draft with very little proofreading so I apologize for any errors there may be, but a sample was requested and I churned this one out pretty quick. So if you are reading this enjoy! (For some reason I can't tab to start paragraphs so I broke up every paragraph with an extra space between, just bare with me.)

**Untitled**

Circuitry crackling around me, the fire closing in. Sparks flying across the room brushing across my skin, or what's left of it. I sit here in my final moments, waiting patiently for the moment when I can finally close my eyes in peace. Before I drift away into the eternal nothingness it's important that you know my story. Not the whole story, just how I ended up here. It doesn't matter who I was before, but who've I’ve become. You need to know what I've learned. The world needs monsters. So this is my story, the story of a man who became a monster.
    
**Chapter 1**

It all began one day, I awoke in my bed like any other day. It was a hot summer day, I awoke in a sweat as I stumbled out of bed. As I headed to the kitchen to grab a drink something felt off… It was too quiet. I looked outside of sliding glass door and I saw a group of people standing outside. I filled my glass with water and took a quick a drink before deciding to go outside to see what was going on. I opened the door and stepped outside, it was sweltering.  The crowd of people were all stopped and staring at me. They were lined up on both sides of me with a single person standing front and center  with the sun directly behind him, I couldn't make out who it was.

“What's going on out here?” I shouted at the group as I was still coming out of my daze from just having woken up. That was when I finally noticed. The people lined up to my sides were all family members, loved ones, but they seemed somewhat different. That was when the man spoke up, “Finally awake I see?” he said with a slightly comical tone. I tried again to try and make out who he was, but the shadow cast by the sun was cloaking him in darkness. I replied, “Yeah, so I'll ask again what is going on here?”
    
“What's going on? I'm not sure if I need to answer that question right now. What's important is what's going to happen.” The man replied in a somewhat menacing tone.
    
“What's going to happen? What do you mean by that?” I responded. Suddenly the glass in my hand fell to the ground and shattered. Something had latched onto my arm from behind me. Reactively I I kicked it off and stumbled back toward the door. Blood was pouring down my arm, as I held the wound I saw what did it. It was a girl, my niece, only six years old. I looked at my arm, a chunk of flesh was missing from the back of my arm. Grasping tightly to try and stop the bleeding I looked back at her and saw her slowly chewing on the piece of my arm that was missing. I slumped back against the glass door and toppled over smearing a trail of blood down the glass.

“This is only the beginning. I have high hopes for you.” The man said snickering to himself.

Still grasping my arm I began to black out. As my vision dimmed I saw all of the people slowly moving toward me. Consciousness slipped away as they began to get closer to me.  I thought it was the end for me there, but little did I know, like he said it was only the beginning. The beginning of my journey through hell itself.

I awoke later in a bed that wasn't my own. “Was it all a dream?” I mumbled to myself. I rubbed my arm thinking about what happened, that was when I noticed my arm had been bandaged as was blood soaked. I quickly sat up and was overcome with nausea. I threw up all over the floor and slumped my head down into my hands. I puked again… and again. I puked until there was nothing left in me, then I puked more. I fell back into the bed trying to gather what I could of my senses. I began to take in my surroundings, this definitely wasn't my home. The room I was in was somewhat dilapidated. Walls were covered with pain chipping away. The corners of the room were covered in a yellowish mildew I had never seen before.  The air was heavy and damp, breathing felt toxic, like I was taking in a heavy amount of dust or spores with each breath. And then there was a thick metal door leading outside, left slightly cracked open. “Where am I? How did I end up here?” Questions were racing through my mind. Questions that wouldn't be answered unless I could get up. I tried to muster up the strength to stand, but my legs buckled beneath me and I stumbled to the wall. I finally pushed myself off and just stood upright gathering myself. “I can do this.” I grumbled to myself. I slowly walked toward the door and pushed it open and stepped into the unknown.

I emerged into a dark tunnel dimly lit by lights strung down the walls. There was an old train track running down the center of the tunnel. I must have been stuffed in some sort of service room they tucked down here. I looked down to my right and saw that the passage had been blocked by what looked like a cave in. “Well looks like there's only one way to go.” I said to myself as I began to make my way down the path. The ambient humming of the old yellow lights was slightly unnerving as as I walked down the tracks. I walked for what felt like an eternity down this musty trail. How did I end up here, what is going on? Questions were lingering in my mind as I walked with nothing but the crunch of gravel underfoot and the never ending buzzing of these ancient lights. Finally the passage began to light up a bit. It looked like I was finally going to find my way out of this tunnel. I walked a bit further and light began to pour in. But as I saw the light at the end of the tunnel I also saw three figures slowly approaching me.

“Hey, can you tell me where I am?” I called out to them in a desperate attempt to find some answers. There was no answer as they still slowly approached me. “Hey did you hear me?” I called back again, only to receive the same silence. They were still just approaching me at a leisurely pace. I began to walk toward them cautiously. As they came closer into view I finally was able to see why my questions were met with silence. The three men were covered in wounds, clothes soaked with blood. Their clothes were tattered and torn stained with soot and grime. Maybe they were like me, a victim in whatever the hell this was. I called out again “Hey are you guys ok? Do you know what's going on here?” Still there was no response.

I continued to approach them cautiously as I got closer to them. Then without warning one of them lunged at me. I jumped back and he fell to the ground reaching for me. “What the hell are you doing?” I shouted at him. Just then another one of them sprinted up to me and grabbed my arm sinking his teeth into my arm. Reactively I punched him in the head multiple times until he fell to the ground. I stumbled back, blood was spilling out of my arm. I took a few steps back to get some distance between me and them. I noticed something then, I didn't feel any pain. Blood was coating my arm and my fist was bright red, but I felt nothing. A smile crept across my face, which was strange given the circumstances.

The third man began to sprint straight at me, as the other two began to stand up. I stood and waited. When he was within reach I clenched my fist and punched him straight in the center of his face as hard as I could. I could hear bones snapping as his body was lifted off the ground and sent flailing behind me. Flesh tore off my knuckles leaving nothing but bone exposed, and yet I felt nothing. I looked back at the man and what was recognizable as a face was resting in the cavity of his skull. “Well he's not getting back up” I laughed to myself.

It was pretty clear that these guys didn't want to talk, so I got ready to face the remaining two. One was already beginning to walk toward me while the other still picking himself up.  I walked straight up to him and grabbed him kneeing him as hard as I could in the stomach. Unflinching he wrapped his arms around and sunk his teeth into my shoulder. It seems like me, these guys don't feel any pain. I tackled him to the ground which broke his latch on me. I wound up to swing on him when suddenly I was tackled to the ground again. The other one had mounted me and was just flailing at me mercilessly. Ripping away my flesh and tearing through my clothing as it just swiped at me countless times. I managed to get my leg around him and kicked him down to the ground. I quickly stood up and looked down at him as he reached for my legs. I lifted up my foot and stomped on his head clean down to the ground, blood splattering everywhere.

The last remaining one was still trying to get back to his feet. I looked around and saw an old pick ax lying in rubble off to the side. I casually walked over to it, picking it up and slinging it over my shoulder. “Still not in the mood to talk are you?” I calmly asked the man as he was finally standing upright. Once again there was no response. “Well I guess we know how this needs to end then.” I rand at him and struck him in the head with the top of the ax knocking him back to the ground. “Last chance.” I said to him as I readied the final blow. After a moment of silence I swung the ax down into his face and straight into the ground. Dropped down to a knee leaving the handle sticking up into the air. “Not how I wanted to spend the day.” I muttered to myself sarcastically. Blood was still flowing out of me at a dangerous rate. “I guess I should do something about this.” I said to myself. I ripped the sleeves off my shirt and tied them as tightly around my arm and shoulder as I could.

What was with these guys I wondered. If I didn't know any better I would say they were zombies, but that wasn't possible was it? The only thing I knew for sure was I wouldn't find my answers here. I picked myself up, dusted myself off, and began to walk toward the light. As I neared the entrance of the tunnel I heard a crackling noise followed by some loud audio feedback. I spotted a megaphone in the corner of the tunnel right at the exit. That was when I heard his voice again.

“My my, you sure do sleep a lot.” The man said giggling to himself. “Maybe I was wrong about you. I mean look how beat up you are already. If you don't shape up you're bound to die, please try not to disappoint me.” After that there was a click and then silence.

“What do you want with me! Where am I! What am I doing hear!” I shouted back at the speaker. However my plea for answers was met with nothing but silence. I clenched my fists in anger as I stood fuming in front of the speaker. It was obvious he wasn't going to tell me anything now. I had no other choice but to move forward. I took a deep breath and walked cautiously out into the light.