---
published: true
layout: post
date: '2016-12-10 07:12:59 -0400'
categories: jekyll update
---
## Update

Make sure you catch up in the previous post "The Story So Far" if you are just now reading this. Again very little editing done (no editing done) just pumped this out before going to bed so I apologize if something doesn't make sense. Four more days to go let me know what you think.

## Day 2 Cont.

Still in a panic I picked myself up and looked out the window, and still there was nothing. I checked on the windows and door once again just to make sure they were indeed locked. “What in the hell is going on?” I mumbled to myself still trying to catch my breath. “Am I truly going mad?” I questioned myself. I turned on the lamp next to me and quickly surveyed the room, nothing was out of place. I took a few deep breaths to calm myself down a bit. At least I am home and safe now, I tried to convince myself at least. I took one last deep breath, finally calmed down, that was when I realized something else. I was dripping wet, freezing cold, and my foot was throbbing in a tremendous amount of pain. Blood was seeping out of my shoe into a puddle underneath me. I quickly removed my shoe to see my sock completely soaked in blood. I untied my makeshift tourniquet, cringing in pain to look once again at the wound. My foot was stained crimson and the wound was covered in dirt. I limped down my hallway tracking blood behind me to my room. First I had to change out of these clothes. I quickly undressed and tossed my wet clothes into a corner of the room. I threw on my rugged old bath robe and limped my way back to the hallway to the bathroom. I put my foot into the tub and turned on the faucet to wash the wound out the best I could. Once the wound was as clean as I could manage I grabbed some gauze out of the medicine cabinet and wrapped my foot as tightly as I could. The pain was excruciating if I tried to put any pressure on my foot at all, but it would have to do. I limped over to the cabinet in the back of the room and grabbed an old towel. I got on all fours and began to crawl along my path to wipe up the patches of blood I had been trailing through my home since walking was out of the question for now. After mopping up the mess I returned to the bathroom and threw the towel in the corner. I picked myself up and looked at myself in the mirror while leaning on the sink. As I was staring at my reflection my vision began to dim and I started to feel dizzy. I fumbled forward catching myself before I fell over completely. I began to feel nauseous as I stared down into my sink. “Maybe I lost too much blood?” I thought to myself. I picked my head back up and looked back in the mirror. Only this time it wasn't me looking back. It was that same face shrouded in darkness, it's eyes staring straight back into mine. Then it slowly began to smile as it just stared at me never blinking. Overcome with fear my body collapsed and I quickly scrambled backwards. But when I propped myself up against the wall the image was gone and I saw myself once again.

My heart was pounding in my chest in tandem with the wound in my foot. I picked myself up onto the toilet and sunk my head into my hands. Clearly I was hallucinating right? A lot has happened today, I'm tired, I've lost a lot of blood, it must have just been in my head. I looked again at the mirror just to be sure, and sure enough I saw myself staring back at me. Breathing deeply I convinced myself that was all that it was. I should probably eat something before I start seeing more unpleasant things. I limped into the kitchen, doing my best to drag my injured foot behind me. I turned the light on to see the familiar sight of the unread mail littering my counters. Most likely bills I can't afford to pay. Sink cluttered with dishes I never cared to wash since I rarely have a need to use them anyways. I opened up the refrigerator and peered inside. It was barren, as expected. I closed the door and opened the cabinet beside it. There was a half loaf of bread and a few dented cans of soup on the shelf. I grabbed the loaf and a can of soup. The label had been torn off so it was a mystery what it even was, but the date was good at least. I used a can opener to pop a hole in the top of can and brought the bread and soup back to my chair. I crashed down into it and relaxed for a minute. It felt good to be off my foot finally. I grabbed a slice of bread and took a bite, it was stale. I followed the bite by drinking the soup straight out of the can, it tasted… awful. I quickly ate the slice of bread and drank the soup as fast as possible. If it tastes terrible there's no need to savor it after all. I sunk back in my chair and glanced over at my book.

The pages were left ruffled after being soaked in the rain. I picked up the book and thumbed through the pages to fully assess the damage. Luckily there was no damage to the words printed on the pages, just the slight feathering of the outside pages. I smiled and sighed with a sense of relief. Finally I would be able to make some progress in the book I had been waiting to read for so long. I sunk back in my chair and got more comfortable. I cracked open the cover and began to read the prologue. Suddenly a loud crack of thunder resounded through the sky, the strike was so close my home shook from the shear force of it. The sudden boom made my heart skip a beat, and unconsciously slam the book shut in my hand. Maybe this was nature's way of saying I should just get some rest, I have been through an awful lot today. I set the book back on the pedestal and returned the bread to the kitchen. I limped my way back down the hallway to my bedroom hearing nothing but the floor creaking underfoot and the storm battering against my home. I closed the door behind me and sat on my bed for a moment.

I brought my injured foot up into my lap to examine it and see if the bleeding had stopped. The gauze was a little red but the blood soaked area didn’t seem to be spreading any more. I leaned back and began to try and sort out what was happening. Why do I keep seeing this featureless face, and why does it vanish without a trace. Did it have something to with the man from yesterday? Come to think of it, because of whatever happened on my way home I didn't even look, was that man still there? I glanced over at my window with an equal sense of fear and curiosity. He couldn't possibly be there still right? A full day had already passed since then. Curiosity finally got the better of me as I got up and crept toward the window. I slowly grabbed a tiny bit of the curtain and pulled it back very slowly just enough for my eye to peak through. My heart was racing as I was about to see what laid behind the curtain. The street lamp was flickering on and off due to the shear power of the storm. My heart was still pounding as the storm raged in front of me, it felt like I waited forever for the moment when I could clearly see what lied across the road. Suddenly the light slight stopped flickering for just a few seconds when it was clear, the man was gone. I released the curtain from my hand which I had unwittingly been clenching in my fist with all my strength. I let out a large sigh of relief as I turned around. Maybe I should just go to sleep and leave the thinking for tomorrow. I limped over and closed the door, then slid under the covers of my bed.

So many strange things happened today I really can't even comprehend this right now. As I closed my eyes I did my best to try and push the memories out of my mind. Unfortunately I kept seeing that face as my closed my eyes. The featureless man with those eyes at that seem to see right through me, judging me, and that smile that always creeps across his face. Maybe it's a manifestation of my own self pity and hatred. The things that happened would only make sense if they were in my mind right? There is no other explanation. I rolled over and pulled a pillow over my head clenching it tightly. “It has to be all in my head, just go to sleep dammit!” I whispered to myself. Then suddenly I remembered something. Something I overlooked in the moment that terrified for me more than anything else had today. I felt a chill run through my entire body. My heart wasn't even racing at this point, I don't think it was even beating at all. I pulled the pillow from my head and turned my body around. I definitely closed that door that door when I first entered the room, why was it open again? I laid there frozen in fear staring at the door. Time was at a standstill as I tried to find a reason to explain what had happened when suddenly I heard a creak come from the hallway. My body tensed up and my heart finally began to pump once again. Adrenaline shot through my entire body as remained motionless staring at the door. I heard another creak from the other side of the door. My eyes widened as my heart began to beat faster. I heard another creak, and another. It was the same sound the floor as always made when someone walked down the hallway. There was another creak and another. I was so terrified I couldn't even move. Suddenly the doorknob began to slowly turn, and the door gently pushed opened just a few inches. Time appeared to freeze for me once again as a figure appeared through the crack in the door. I could only see the shoulder of man that was crouched down in front of the door. Suddenly a hand slowly gripped the door and very slowly began pushing the door open. The man was slumped over onto one knee with his head slumped over looking toward the ground. I still couldn't make out any definitive features of the man. When suddenly his head snapped up and once again I saw those those eyes stare back straight into mine, and that familiar terrifying smile slowly crept across his face. The sudden motion finally snapped me out of my paralysis as jolted backward and slammed my head into the wall behind my bed.

My vision was blurred from the impact of smashing my head into the wall. I couldn't make out anything thing in the darkness. I quickly pushed myself up more while running my eyes. When I released my eyes my sight slowly began to return. As my eyes slowly began to refocus on the door the man had already disappeared. I quickly looked all around the room looking for traces of him in the room and there was nothing. I pulled myself out of bed and crept slowly toward the door, trying to prepare myself for the worst. I stepped closer and grabbed the door slowly pulling it all the way open, still there was nothing. I inched forward and peaked around the corner, still nothing. “What the fuck is going on?” I shouted in a futile attempt to get some sort of answer. After waiting a few more seconds of nothing happening I began to slowly close the door. When the door was just about shut I felt a hand grab the knob on the side and slam the door shut. Immediately I threw my body against the door and locked it. I backed up slowly in a state of confusion and fear, heart pounding heavily in my chest. I grabbed my dresser and pulled it front of the door, scraping it along the floor as I struggled to pull it. Suddenly, I became very dizzy and fell to my knees. I held myself up for a moment with my hands. My mouth opened and I stayed like this for moment, drool pouring out of my mouth slowly pooling up on the floor. The very next moment I violently threw up all over the floor. My arms gave way and I collapsed onto my side as my vision faded to black.

