---
published: false
---

## A short for you
 
So here's a very short story I thought of as I laid in bed last night. It's a little weird but here's hoping you enjoy it. Hopefully I'll get back to updating my other story here soon. Also I just wrote it start to finish in like 30 minutes didn't proofread at all, so I apologize if something doesnt make any sense.
 
## The End
 
I found myself here at the bar again. Sitting at the solid oak bar with a now empty bottle of whiskey, smoking a cigarette. There is nothing but chaos all around me. I can hear the screams of the people outside vividly as they ring through the broken window's of the now abandoned pub. Bar stools strewn across the floor, tables flipped, chairs scattered everywhere. Shards of glass resting in pools of the blood that had been spilled. The world is about to end, there is no escape, none will survive.  Everyone will be nothing more than dust drifting through the infinite darkness. So how can I sit here alone sipping on this last shot of whiskey while the world burns around me? I have simply accepted the fact that everything we have done, who we are, what we have achieved, anything we have ever accomplished, can be wiped away in an instant. You can not escape death, and certainly nobody will escape this. So why fight it anymore, it's better to just accept everything for what it is. Many had questions if this was an act of God, or just a freak accident, but in the end does it even matter? Nobody will have a story to tell nothing will be left.
 
It's time for me to face the reality of it all. I picked myself up and walked toward the door which had already been kicked down laying on the floor. As I stepped outside I began to choke on the smoke. The city was already burning around me. I stopped to light another cigarette that would likely be my last. As I breathed in the poisonous fumes I looked upwards to the end. An asteroid was plummeting toward the tiny little spec of the universe we call home. It looked bigger than the moon already, there is not much time left. So with nothing left to do but wait for inevitability, I began to walk. Stepping over the bodies of the fallen, through rivers of blood.
 
How primitive we all are. When faced with impending doom we revert to our most primal desires. The looting and riots began first. People were looking to get their hands on that last bit of happiness they always thought they needed in their lives. There was no stopping it, there was no law enforcement, there was no recourse to any action, everyone had already given up. People slaughtered each other over the most pointless things, televisions, phones, and the like. It wasn't that they would be able to use or enjoy the things, they just wanted what they never had if even for a moment.
 
After that was mass suicides. I guess people just couldn't wait to see what was waiting on the other side. People trying to find that last bit of happiness, or maybe escape were overdosing around the world. Of course there were the more gruesome suicides as well, the ones who just wanted to escape in that instant. Soon bodies were paving the streets anywhere you went. I could see why ending it early wouldn't be so bad. You wouldn't have to see someone you knew, acquaintance, loved one, friend, or whatever it may be staring lifelessly at you from the ground. Maybe that's what lead to the next thing. The ones that were left began to snap. They began killing anyone that crossed them. The sounds of gunshots, brawling, and explosions rang around the world.
 
Yet here I walk alone through the chaos. I took another drag of my cigarette and blew the smoke upward. It was much closer now. Smaller chunks of the asteroid were buffeting the moon sending clouds of dust through space. It was actually kind of beautiful, at least compared to what I have been seeing. So was this an act of God, or just a statistical anomaly? As I looked around one last time there was only one thing I could think of for sure. Maybe we didn't even deserve to be here in the first place. When faced with great hardship all we do is crumble into insensible primitive beasts with no regard for anything but ourselves. So maybe it was just our time, the end we all deserved for perpetuating a false reality. Honestly, though it didn't matter what I thought as it was time. I held my arms up to the sky as molten rock plummeted into the Earth shaking the ground I stood on. I was here at the end and saw the worst of what we were truly capable of. The mass of rock was screaming straight at me. The time had come when we would all be erased. There was a moment when the rock touched my hands as I reached toward the end. I felt warmth…. and then, nothing.
